Add initial files (#1)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-guardrails: docs/index.md

---
organization: Turbot
category: ["security"]
icon_url: "/images/plugins/turbot/guardrails.svg"
brand_color: "#FCC119"
display_name: Turbot Guardrails
short_name: guardrails
description: Steampipe plugin to query resources, controls, policies and more from Turbot Guardrails.
og_description: Query Turbot Guardrails with SQL! Open source CLI. No DB required.
og_image: "/images/plugins/turbot/guardrails-social-graphic.png"
---

# Turbot Guardrails + Steampipe

> [Turbot](https://turbot.com/) is a cloud governance and security platform with a real-time CMDB for cloud resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Turbot Guardrails](https://turbot.com/guardrails) is the leading platform for policy-based control and automatic remediation of enterprise clouds.
```

Description taken from the site

For users with multiple workspaces and more complex authentication use cases, here are some examples of advanced configuration options:

### Credentials via key pair

The Turbot Guardrails plugin allows you set static credentials with the `access_key`, `secret_key`, and `workspace` arguments in any connection profile.

```hcl
connection "guardrails" {
  plugin = "guardrails"
  workspace  = "https://turbot-acme.cloud.turbot.com/"
  access_key = "c8e2c2ed-1ca8-429b-b369-010e3cf75aac"
  secret_key = "a3d8385d-47f7-40c5-a90c-bfdf5b43c8dd"
}
```

### Credentials via Turbot Guardrails config profiles

You can use an existing Turbot Guardrails named profile configured in `/Users/jsmyth/.config/turbot/credentials.yml`. A connect per workspace is a common configuration:

```hcl
connection "guardrails_acme" {
  plugin = "turbot"
  profile = "turbot-acme"
}

connection "guardrails_dmi" {
  plugin = "turbot"
  profile = "turbot-dmi"
}

```

### Credentials from environment variables

Environment variables provide another way to specify default Turbot Guardrails CLI credentials:

```sh

> export TURBOT_GUARDRAILS_SECRET_KEY=3d397816-575f-4b2a-a470-a96abe29b81a

Reviewer: Are these the new env vars the CLI is going to use too?

export TURBOT_GUARDRAILS_ACCESS_KEY=86835f29-1c88-46d9-b6ce-cbe5016842d3
export TURBOT_GUARDRAILS_WORKSPACE=https://turbot-acme.cloud.turbot.com
```

You can also change the default profile to a named profile with the TURBOT_PROFILE environment variable:

```sh

> export TURBOT_PROFILE=turbot-acme

Reviewer: Is this going to be TURBOT_GUARDRAILS_PROFILE or remain the same (or be something else) in the CLI?

Author: The env variables haven't changed. I will revert [Update env variable references](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-guardrails/pull/1/commits/5a44fe340709686762184d7e7984790c9cdde525) commit.
